Hey, I'm Grump!
I'm not-so Grump!
aand we're the Game Grumps!
Arin: Hey, welcome back.
Danny: Okay! Welcome back, uh, Rachel and Jane are- uh- neck and neck and-
Danny: uh- not lovin' on each other.
Arin: Not lovin'.
Danny: Nope.
Arin: No lovin' fer- the oven...
Danny: There's some sassy cats happening.
Arin: Sassy cats.
Danny: Yeah.
Arin: Sassy Katzenberg.
Danny: I hope if I ever- own- own an NFL football team; I change their name to the- like the San Francisco Sassy Cats *laughing*
Arin: "Change the hairstyle."
Arin: Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh.
Danny: What- what?
Arin: Done?
Danny: What does that-?
Danny: Choose hairs-
Arin: Dark, with red highlights.
Danny: I don't understand.
Arin: Uhm...
Danny: Oh.
Danny: *Inhales*
Arin: But that's it, that's the one I chose.
Danny: What the fuck is this game?!
Danny: It's just like; "Pick the thing we want!"
Arin: I did it!
Danny: Nothing worked.
Danny: Nothing works.
Arin: I did it! 'Cause you got to figure out how to do it.
Danny: What are you fucking talking about, Arin?
Arin: *excited and smug* You gotta figure out how to do it- with foundation.
Arin: Damnit. "Foundation," "Foundation." There we go.
Danny: Ohhh.
Arin: And then...
Arin: "White"...
Arin: done.
Arin: Done done done done done done done done done.
Danny: This is crazy. What's happening right now?
Arin: God I'm so fuckin'-
Danny: Whaddya mean "You gotta figure out how to do it"? Why don't you tell me how to do it?
Arin: Because...
Arin: I don't know...
Danny: Yeah-h- I'm not catching you! I just wanna do anything.
Danny: Ohh, my god.
Arin: Oh that's "Full White," there we go.
Danny: This is rough.
Arin: Oh, I can just hold it, there we go.
Danny: Boy, you are such a fuckin' lil' bitch.
Arin: Look, select it!
Arin: Just put it on-
Danny: I'm selecting everything.
Arin: -don't select it though.
Arin: Go on- goo to the red one- and then... and then squeeze it on.
Danny: How do you squeeze?
Danny: Ohh.
Danny: Boy, this is weird.
Arin: Uhm, okay. Choose "Blusher"...
Arin: I don't fucking know any of this shit.
Danny: uh-Yeah wait, wh-
Arin: Uh, "Free"...
Arin: What is "Free"? Oh I can do whatever I want.
Danny: How'd it get to the next section?
Danny: I just keep changing this girl's hair!
Arin: Wait... "Choose Eye Shadow?" uhm...
Danny: What's happening?
Arin: Okay... That's- mascara... damnit
Danny: Help!
Arin: I'm try- I'm trying!
Danny: Hey, Chino! *laughs*
Danny: Where are you?
Arin: Yeah, lookin' good! Looking fucking good!
Danny: *wailing* ohhh...
Danny: This is bummin' me out...
Arin: "Choose Mascaraaa."
Danny: I'm gettin' bummed.
Arin: I'm gettin' close.
Danny: *wailing* Ahhh
Arin: "Black Line on the Top of the Lid."
Danny: I can't do this.
Arin: That's because you're not- fuckin' Jozu, dude.
Danny: Why don't you just say the fucking thing, you prick? *laughs*
Arin: I told you how to do it, you just weren't listening!
Danny: I did it already!
Arin: Go to the re- go to the red.
Danny: What's the r- I did the red
Arin: It says re- "Dark with Red Highlights."
Arin: There you go! It's done, now select it.
Danny: Whaddyou mean?
Arin: Press the Select button.
Danny: Oh, theeen you pres-
Arin: Yeah.
Danny: Ookay, got it.
Arin: "Black Line (on) the Top of the Lid," done! "Good." "Choose Lipstick." Uhhhm...
Arin: Okay.
Danny: Oh, I need "White."
Arin: "Pink."
Danny: Ohhh! I see. What's goin' on here.
Danny: *Singing* La dee la de daaa ♫
Arin: Wait, where is it? Whe- *exhale*
Arin: -there it is.
Danny: Laa de daa ♫
Danny: lee ♫
Arin: Get that fuckin' pink on there,
Arin: get that fuckin'-
Danny: shtabada peee ♫
Arin: that fuckin' sweet pink action.
Danny: Okay, cool.
Arin: Yeahhhh.
Danny: Don't say sweet pink action like that.
Arin: Yes!
Arin: I did it!
Danny: Congratu-
Arin: That's a horrible set up.
Danny: Congratulations.
Arin: Nahh, it doesn't look that bad.
Danny: Ehh-
Arin: Wow, you are way behind, bro.
Danny: Noo shit, Arin.
Arin: You're like four stages behind.
Danny: Ohh.
Arin: Now select- with the Select button... There you go.
Danny: Okay.
Arin: Choose the "Blusher."
Danny: Choose the...
Arin:  I'm not gonna tell you which one that is.
Danny: I mean- is it this?
Arin: There you go.
Danny: Okay...
Arin: Wow, look at you.
Danny: "Free?"
Arin: You can do whatever you want.
Danny: Ohh...
Danny: I missed. *chuckles*
Arin: "Eye shadow."
Danny: Okay, "Choose Eye Shadow," forget it!
Danny: Uh-
Arin: How do you know all these? You're so smart.
Danny: W- I- I got makeup put on me for the last-
Danny: uh-
Danny: three months.
Danny: Um "Green?" That green?
Arin: I mean, there's two different kinds of green; which one?
Danny: Oh, there's the "Blusher."
Arin: There you go.
Arin: It's not "Blusher", it's eye shadow you-ye- ye dope.
Danny: *makes fart sound as he applies make-up*
Danny: Mmmmm...
Danny: Mmmm!
Arin: Man, you're just an artist.
Danny: Boom, got it *laughs*
Arin: Just a savant!
Danny: Boy, that's very- uh-
Arin: Like a Rembrandt of eye shadow-
Arin: why did you- pic- you jus-
Arin: selected off it and undid all your work?
Danny: Whyy? I don't- I- ohh
Arin: Because you're a silly bitch, that's why!
Danny: *laughing* I'm not a silly bitch! You're a silly-
Danny: youer- er a whorrre!
Danny: AHHH!!
Arin: Do you see a sign on the outside of my's house that says silly bitch?!
Danny: Awh, I can't- I- I do not understand.
Danny: Right, let me just pla- oh-
Danny: Whoopsy.
Arin: You just gotta eye shadow, dude. My girl's like "Can you just finish all-fucking-readyy?
Arin: I wanna go out on a hot date."
Danny: No, this is because you wouldn't help me before; this is what you have to deal with.
Danny: You have to sit-
Arin: Now press the Select button.
Danny: You have to sit there-
Arin: There you go.
Danny: an' watch me do everything.
Arin: You chose the dark one, I choose the light one.
Danny: *Girly voice* "Here's the Mascara." "A Black Line on the Top Lid."
Arin: Yeah, black.
Danny: Ooo, pretty.
Arin: There (ya) go,
Danny: *excited laugh*
Arin: Ooo, that's the top AND bottom.
Danny: *squeegee noise*
Arin: *laughs*
Danny: What is happening right now?
Arin: Just fucking wiggling with the motion controls is like "I don't know, I don't know."
Danny: Ahh- ehhh- fu- ehh-
Arin: *makes slow noises*
Danny: Oh, there we go. There we go, that look(ed) good.
Arin: That does not look good, you didn't do anything.
Danny: *laughs*
Arin: She's gonna go out lookin' like a freak now!
Danny: She looks fucking identical.
Arin: Dude, 32! I got a- you got a 19.
Danny: Yeah, I know.
Arin: Sorry, bro. You don't have the skills (that) I do.
Danny: I could actually kick you in the dick right now.
Arin: My skills are at a 14, yours are at a 9.
Danny: I know.
Danny: "You've been absolutely wonderful, but I have a slight preference for Rachel."
Arin: Yah, a "slight preference?"
Danny: She said we've both been absolutely wonderful, so...
Arin: Rachel actuls-actually finished the job, so.
Danny: Dude, who's dick did you have to suck to-*laughing* to get-
Arin: Ss- enter MY name... uhhh-
Danny: Yeah.
Arin: "Roopy." *laughs*
Danny: Yeah. *laughs*
Danny: You can sure talk a lot of trash with a penis in your mouth.
Arin: Hey, man... *tch* 'least I'm gettin' paid.
Danny: So you're a Prostitute?
Arin: No I'm gettin' paid for my wor- my- no! no! I'm gettin' paid for my work!
Danny: *imitates Arin* "N-no! Uhhh...!" *giggling*
Danny: Alright, time for that Asian cat- Why can't it just be a "catwalk"?
Arin: Wh-because it's "Asian Style" catwalk.
Danny: "Okay".
Arin: *Skips cutscene* Oh my God, I don't care!
Danny: *laughs*
Arin: I don't care about your stupid flashy intro, it shows the same thing all over eh- wha is thi- wha is this, (a) fucking episode of Gurren Lagaan?
Arin: I don't fucking ca- I don't wanna watch the theme song.
Danny: *Giggling*
Arin: Jesus...
Danny: *Imitating song* bwam bwn bwam bwn.
Danny: I'm gonna hear that in my dreams tonight.
Arin: *laughs*
Arin: *Imitates song, too* Ba da bow!
Danny: *Snooty voice* "Classic."
Arin: *Imitating the guy* "*Panting*"
Arin: "*Exasperated exhale*"
Danny: "Oh, God."
"Ladies and gentleman, let the catwalk commence!"
Arin: Woooooo!!!
Danny: "Woah heyyy-euhh!"
Arin: You better watch out 'cause she's walking... and then she stops.
Danny: Ohh, that's a sassy stance.
Arin: And then she looks around again.
Danny: "Applesauce." *giggles*
Arin: Oh, we gotta applaud 'em.
Danny: Oh! Oh!
Danny: Are you fucking kidding me?
Arin: My applause was way better.
Danny: Shh- *laughs hard* ut- That's this game?
Arin: *laughs*
Danny: Go.
Arin: Oh no!
Arin: No! Licensed music! Get it off! Get it off!
Danny: *singing* dooo~ ♫
Danny: Oh yea, oh yeah
Arin: AUGH! GYE-GE-
Danny: Ohh la la la!
Arin: AH-... DYEH-
Danny: No one can hear this! No one can hear this! ♫
Arin: Dyeh-hhhya
Danny: No ooone can hearrr this ♫
Arin: *still making noises*
Arin: Oh- and then we gotta roootate.
Danny: Ohh, oh okay.
Arin: Buh duh bow!
Danny: Great, I missed. I missed the counter block.
Arin: Bwen a bow.
Danny: Aww no, no! Don't listen! Matt, Ryan! Take this out!
Arin: Yeees! Got it!
Danny: Put in some non-stock-ff-music.
*African chanting music plays*
Arin: Put in uhm- a- a- slightly- gross, midi version offff- the Tower of Power.
Danny: *laughs*
Arin: *laughs*
*African chanting still playing, unbeknownst to Arin or Danny*
Arin: Aw, what am I do- What is- what is this supposed to BE?
Danny: I don't- I don't knowww.
Arin: Your-you are just NOT elegant at all, though. You're just wagglin' and wigglin'.
Danny: I don't fuckin' know what to say.
Danny: It lets you start first. I'm-
Arin: Just- just- channel your inner- catwalk! an-
Danny: Dude, I'm fucking gorgeous! It starts you off first!
Arin: Ah. Ahhh shit.
Danny: Yeah I won that one you whore.
Arin: D-ohh fuck.
Danny: Why'd I miss?
Arin: Nah, I still got it.
Danny: Why'd I miiiss? *laughs*
Arin: *laughing*
Arin: I don't knowww?
Danny: I'm so f- why does it- e- start your thing first?!
Arin: I don't knowww!
Danny: Aww m-
Arin: Aww yeahh.
Danny: There we go.
Arin: I'm so fuckin'- ohh you're doing so good.
Danny: Ohhh, because it's not a raaace.
Danny: Ohh, I thought it was a race.
Arin: *Focused on the game* Yyyes.
Danny: So I'm doing it way too fast.
Arin: Da dadada- *To Dan* yeah!
Danny: Okay...
*African chanting STILL playing*
Danny: Dooon't put this sooong on.
Arin: Why isn't this working? Why isn't it working? Why isn't it working?! Stop! Nooooo!
Arin: Why didn't it work?!
Danny: You fucked it up, Arin.
Arin: Noo!
Danny: You fucked it up, you fell right off the catwalk thing-
Arin: No I didn't!
Danny: *Teasing Arin* Mmm, boy I look good.
Arin: *concentrating* Mmm, mm, mm.
Danny: Mhm, mhm.
Arin: Rotate! Rotate! Rotate!
Danny: Mhm!
Danny: Awww hell yeah.
Arin: Yeah, baby.
Danny: Hell yeah.
Danny: Gimmie that sassy turn.
Danny: I did it.
Danny: Ye!
Danny: Huh!
Arin: Is it supposed to be like walking... and then turning around?
Danny: I don't know, man.
Arin: *Girly tone* "Like, I'm walking, I'm marching.
Danny: *Stammering* I don't fucking kno-
Arin: and now I'm roootating." Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! Go!
Arin: Oh, I did it!
Danny: Ahh f-
Danny: Man, you j- f-hehe, yeah.
Danny: Here's where I show off my mooscles (muscles).
Arin: *Imitating girl* "That's my arm. it's pretty sweet, it's an arm."
Danny: "Yeah."
Danny: "It's my arm! It's not part of the dress, but..."
Arin: *laughing*
D: I just figured I'd show it off
because I've been working on it."
Arin:  "I have two of them.
Arin: They're both per purchase.
Danny: *laughing*
Arin: Aaat American Apparel, and-"
Danny: *To the game* Oh.
Arin: She looks like Adrianne Curry.
Danny: How did I miss?!
Danny: I'm applauding!
Arin: Well, too bad, man.
Arin: You gotta learn to cheer better.
Danny: Augh. I'm so filled with rage.
"The catwalk is now finished! Pay attention; this is a big moment! The jury are about to give their verdict!"
Arin: The "jury?"
Danny: *Imitating the guy* "I can't see them! But I can see them if they stand to my left."
Arin: *Imitating Jack* "My name's Randalf."
Arin: *Imitating Eva*  My name's HEHHH."
Arin: *Imitating Emilio* "and my name's jaygen maygen(?)."
Danny: *laughing hard*
Arin: *laughing hard*
Danny: Wha's that middle one?
Arin: "*laughing* My names HEHHH."
Danny: Ohh, they speak.
Arin: Oh, thanks.
Danny: *Imitating Eva* "I contradict!" *laughs*
Arin: *laughs*
Arin: Is this me? Oh yeah, it is.
Arin: Thanks!
Arin: Oh my gosh.
Danny: Boy shi- her lips aren't even movin'.
Arin: *Imitating Jack* "Hi, uhhm. Buy my book."
Danny: *Imitating Jack, too* "Mmm."
Danny: "You may think I just ripped some motel curtains off and made a jacket out of them!
Arin: "Not so."
Danny: I did."
Arin: *laughs*
Arin: "I *laughs* cut this curtains off."
Danny: *Imitating Eva* "I am not impressed!" *laughs*
Arin: *laughs*
*at the same time*
Danny: Oh fuck yeah I can conclude.
Arin: Oh yeah I can conclude.
Danny: *laughing*
Danny: This game is very sweet.
Danny: It does not talk shit on you at all.
Arin: I mean, they were kinda like... "You're good but not amazing. But, whatever..."
Danny: "You have- you have room for improvement!  but... you have all the basics down!
Danny: I'm proud of you! I'm proud of you for gettin' out there."
Arin: Damn, did I just- did I just fucking decimate you on the Catwalk?
Danny: Arin let me tell you something. "I-
Arin: Did I just fuckin'-  stomp on your grave, dude?
Danny: I work- *laughing* w-" my grave?
Arin: Yeahh.
Danny: "I work hard for the money.
Danny: ssso hard for it, honey.
Arin: *laughing*
Danny: I work hard for the money, so you better treat me right."
Arin: I still beat you on the Catwalk, though.
Danny: I will-
Arin: You can go ahead and quote music all you want, but...
Arin: I'm gonna f- I'm gonna- 18? Please.
Danny: Mmm
Danny: I'm gonn- I'm gonna fuckin' kill you.
Arin: Please, you fucking pleb.
Danny: I'm gonna kill your dad.
Arin: You f- don't.
Danny: Sorry-
Danny: Sorry Lloyd.
Arin: Please- no. No!
Danny: Sorry you had to get wrapped up in this but-
Arin: It was JUST Father's Day like, give him like a week to decompress.
Danny: A- Yeah! No! That's what I'm saying.
Danny: It was just Father's Day so he had his moment in the sun and now I can kill 'em.
Arin: No!
Danny: *laughing*
Arin: Don't kill my father! I take it back!
Danny: Yeah. Yeah.
Arin: I'm still f-more fabulous than you are, but-
Danny: Wow. Oh! Really? Really? You're gonna ag-add an extra dig in?
Danny: Now-now I'm gonna kill your dad twice.
Arin: Wha- no! He's already dead though, you can't do it twice!
Danny: Sorry, Lloyd.
Danny: Have to desecrate your grave.
Danny: *laughing*
Arin: Aughh, dangit.
Arin: Dooon't.
Danny: Welp... he had a good run.
Danny: You rocked hard,
Danny: you grew your hair long.
Danny: You're a cool dude.
Arin: Hit "A" you fuckin' pleb.
Danny: D'you- not-eh what? Am I making you uncomfortable by talking about killing your dad and not going to the menu screen?
Arin: Yes!
Danny: Alright! Next time on Game Grumps, then.
Arin: Thank you.
Danny: Cool.
Danny: See you later everybody!
Arin: Have a- have a
Arin: Have just a- have a gay old time.
Danny: See ya tonight, Lloyd.
Arin: Have a gay old time.
Danny: Watch your back, Lloyd. *laughing*
Arin: Don't- that's my dad!
Arin: He watches!
Danny: *laughing* Oh, hi-
Arin: He's gonna be scared now!
Danny:  Don't be scared, Lloyd.
Arin: I'm gonna have to give him a preemptive call and be like "Alright, so in a week Dan's gonna-
Arin: d-he's gonna ge-" *laughs*
Danny: "He's gonna kill you."
Arin: "Yeah."
Danny: *laughing*
Arin: "Jus' don't-
Danny: I'm sure that'll put his mind right at ease.
Arin: Don't worry about it.
Arin: He's not serious."
Danny: See you later!
Danny: I'll be- I'm- I'll be like eh- "Damn right I'm serious."
Danny: "Arin got-
Arin: if his phone- *laughing*
Arin: if his phone-
Danny: Arin got higher poses AND popularity stars than me.
Danny: And beat me on the catwalk."
Arin: *laughing*
Arin: If his phone rings forever and then suddenly it gets picked up by- by you and you're like-
Arin: "Heyyy."
Danny: *laughing*
Arin: just like-
Arin: "Dan why?!" *laughing*
Danny: *laughing* Oh my God.
Arin: "I worked hard for the money."
Danny: *laughing*